# Image Search Protocols

## ADNI

Image searches for ADNI are run on LONI.  There is a script (`scripts/misc/adni_images_to_download.py`) which helps with the filtering of scans.  This script requires two main inputs:

- `PET_SEARCH`: CSV from the search results (not the image collection) for all PET images.  In the advanced image search, make sure to check Original, Pre-processed, and PET as images to search.  Also check "Display in result" for Study Date, Image ID, and Radiopharmaceutical.
- `T1_SEARCH`: CSV from the search results (not the image collection) for all T1 images.  Make sure Original, Pre-processed, MRI, and T1 are checked for images to search.  Also check "Display in result" for Study Date, Image ID, and Weighting.

You can also set an `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` in this script.  In this folder, 3 text files will be spit out, with Image IDs to download from ADNI.

### Amyloid

Make sure "Pre-processed" and "PET" are ticked.  In the Image Description area, run 2 searches.  After each search, select all images and add to the same image collection:

- `AV45 Co-registered, Averaged`
- `FBB Co-registered, Averaged`

### Tau

Make sure "Pre-processed" and "PET" are ticked.  In the Image Description area, run 3 searches.  After each search, select all images and add to the same image collection:

- `AV1451 Co-registered, Averaged`
- `PI2620 Co-registered, Averaged`
- `MK6240 Co-registered, Averaged`

## SCAN

Image searches for SCAN are run through LONI.  Note that some of the PET images have multiple imaging windows available (e.g. 45-75 mins vs 30-60 minutes for PI-2620).  We specifically include the ones recommended in documentation or otherwise the most abundant.

For SCAN, download the images with frame realignment (coregistration) and averaging applied.

### Amyloid

Make sure "Pre-processed" and "PET" are ticked.  In the Image Description, run 4 searches:

- florbetapir: `AV Co-registered, Averaged, 50-70`
- florbetaben:  `FBB Co-registered, Averaged, 90-110`
- PIB: `PIB Co-registered, Averaged, 40-60`
- NAV: `NAV Coreg, Avg, Rigid Reg to Std Img/Vox Size, 50-70`

Add all results to an image collection.

### Tau

Make sure "Pre-processed" and "PET" are ticked.  In the Image Description, run 3 searches:

- flortaucipir: `T80 Co-registered, Averaged, 80-100`
- MK6240: `M62 Co-registered, Averaged, 90-110`
- PI2620: `P26 Co-registered, Averaged, 45-75`

Add all results to an image collection.

### T1

Check "Original", "MRI", and "T1".  Search, and add all results to an image collection.

## HABS-HD

For HABS-HD, there is a script setup to help with this (`/scripts/mics/habshd_images_to_download.py`).  This basically helps find the amyloid, tau, and T1 images which overlap with the subjects provided in the tabular clinical/cognitive/demographic data.

To run this script, you need to specify:

* `SEARCH_PI2620`: A CSV generated by LONI of the available tau PET images.  To generate this, go to the advanced search and tick the boxes for "PET" and for the tracer to be PI-2620.  Also, **make sure you check the box to include the Image ID in the search results**.
* `SEARCH_FBB`: A CSV generated by LONI of the available amyloid PET images.  To generate this, go to the advanced search and tick the boxes for "PET" and for the tracer to be Florbetaben F^18^.  Also, **make sure you check the box to include the Image ID in the search results**.
* `SEARCH_MRI`: A CSV generated by LONI of the available MRI images.  To generate this, go to the advanced search and tick the box for "MRI".  Also, **make sure you check the box to include the Image ID in the search results**.
* `HABSHD_TABULAR`: Path to a folder containing (in the first level) the tabular data for HABS (HD1 AA/MA/NA, HD2 MA/NA, HD3 MA/NA).
* `OUTPUT_DIRECTORY`: A directory to spit out output files.

This script will filter out the provided image searches to select only the images which overlap with the clinical dataset.  It will then save 3 files in the output directory (one each for tau/amyloid/T1) - these files will contain a list of image ids which can be used to search LONI (Image ID field) and generate image collections for download.  The script will also print out the number of images that should be in each collection, for verification.
